Term Project Summary:
(I could use a .pdf, but I find this format more fitting)

1. I approached this project with a vague idea of what I wanted to make initially.
This project did take me a couple days to finish, so I had to work on the structure
before-hand. First I made a flowchart with what function should call what, that .png
is in the same directory as this file (It's nowhere near the same as my final
product, but I used it as a starting point). I also planned to use colorama from the
very beginning. Now for getting stuck.. it took me a solid few hours to figure out
how to make objects with classes in Python, since it's not an object-oriented
language, it was definitely more tricky than usual.

2. Some of these ways might seem a bit similar but they're definitely all unique
- first I edited the default configs for the objects and rooms, this let me test
the win sequence way quicker and saved a lot of time!
- I also tested by providing seemingly invalid data with some of the configs like
the rooms.txt file and the map_layout. i made a map with only 1 room and 0 neighbors
for a (now valid) edge-case.
- I rigorously tested every type of input function to make sure they don't accept any
invalid inputs or they don't lead the player to any invalid locations
- I also tested the game with many different PyUnit games, it especially helped with
the first example as tictactoe.py is easy to finish for debugging.
- And lastly I made a pyunit test at the very end to test my file processing and
formatting functions, which all worked out great!

3. With this assignment, and honestly the entire course as a whole, I definitely got
really used to Python and how its syntax operates. I don't want to go on a long tangent
but the "Pythonic" way of typing definitely takes some getting used to. I also got to
know some useful py libraries for future personal projects. If I were to do the book-
store interface with my current approach I 100% would include it in my portfolio, but
this game is a little too personal to me, and it includes slight humor that might not
sound too professional, so I am reluctant to include it.

I also want to thank Eric Lloyd and Salim Khan for a great fall course in CS.